Suit vs Vehicle distiction - I think a vehicle is ultimately more
worth focusing on as it's size could allow a lot more components,
and/or expansion of components. And probably more exciting. However,
a suit may be required; perhaps think of it like a racecar driver.
They pilot a vehicle which is physically doing more work than the
pilot, but being inside the vehicle = risk of flammable/debris/danger;
so you'll want something to protect the pilot. Doesn't have to be
iron man armor, but something like a racing driver suit.

'Vehicle' Components;

    Fire Suit. A fire resistant suit meant to protect the pilot from flame,
    debris, and harmful substances, in the event of destruction.

    Eye Protection. A pair of protective glasses with lights, to protect
    the pilot's eyes from damage or debris in the event of destruction,
    or during maintenance or construction of the vehicle.

    Frame. A structural frame that supports the installation of all components.
    Made out of ???

    Panels. Surface that covers some areas of the frame to provide protection
    from wind, weather, debris, etc. Made out of ???

    Computer. A gaming motherboard, CPU, and RAM, running Arch+Enlightenment,
    where the I/O components directly interface with the kernel (if possible),
    with its own power supply.

    Monitor(s). Video monitor(s) to display the computer output, and thus any
    output from other components. Will need their own power supply.

    Keyboard and mouse. A regular gaming keyboard and mouse to drive input.

    Software...
        For software, I want to create "driver" modules; or "wrapper"s.
        smaller modular programs that translate a human readable
        desire into a machine readable input.
        - Light driver
        - Motor driver
        - Thrust driver
        - Live Map: A program that checks all components are operational

    Camera(s). Video cameras placed at key areas lacking physical visibility
    on the outside of the vehicle, to provide visibility on the monitors.
    May need their own power supply.

    Radio COMS. A CB or HAM radio, antennae, transmitter/receiver, and mic
    for communicating over AM/FM for a variety of purposes.
    May need their own power supply.

    Headlights/foglights. One or more bright lights for seeing at a distance
    or into fog or heavy weather, controlled by software. May need their own
    power supply.

    Hazard light. One or more bright, colored, rotating light for signalling
    "emergency" to anyone nearby. May need its own power supply.

    Arms...
        Claw?
        Lights?
        Torch/thrusters?

    Legs...
        sliding goat leg, like a handgun chamber
        spring loaded, for inverse kinematic actuation.
        Biped inspired legs but with an extrusion, like
        a half-leg, sprouting forward from the middle of the shin,
        that plants more points of contact on the ground for stability.
        Feet have wide contact patch with the ground and should be
        probably the heaviest part of the leg, or even the whole vehicle
        Tracks?/Motors?
    
    Shoulder/clav thrusters
        For.. ?
        For thrusters - what if there was a mechanism simlar
        to the chamber of a gun/magazine, that when one solid
        rocket motor was all done, it ejected, and another
        motor takes its place. Like a magazine for rocket motors.
        Thrusters may not be even necessary for jumping but maybe
        more for reducing stress of a fall/landing.

    Interior work lights. Small battery powered LED lights for the interior of the
    vehicle, to light up the area if needed. 2-3 of these should be enough.


Piloting;

    Pilot should be physically fit and sharp.

    Pilot should have an acute & active mind.